welcome to thriller recapped today i will show
you an american supernatural horror and thriller
film called the ruins spoilers ahead watch out and
take care this movie is about two young american
couples who are enjoying their vacation in mexico
but sooner their curiosity leads them to a place
where nobody would want to be in and leaves
everyone in an unsettling and disturbing state
the movie starts on a pool where two couples
talk about their vacation trip jeff with
amy and eric with stacey sooner amy loses her
earrings as they look for it a german tourist
mathias brings it to them and he says i found it
for you guys they talk a bit and jeff invites him
to hang out with their group mathias tells
them he is looking for his brother heinrich
and his brother was last seen at an archaeological
site in a mayan ruins in middle of a jungle
later that evening they hang out on a beach with
matthias the girl seem intoxicated and amy asks
matthias for a dance after a dance drunk amy
gets too close to matthias and kisses him so
they decide to call it for the day the next day
mathias and his friend dimitri are making a map
eric and stacey are very excited for the trip
and they make some quick hormone exchange
however the other couple jeff gets ready but
amy is hesitant and she thinks it's better if
she stays in her room instead but soon she
agrees later matthias tells them they will
need to take a taxi for 15 kilometers and then
there will be a hike mathias shows the map to
taxi driver but he says this place is not
good dimitri gives him more money and then
the driver agrees to take them in the truck
unknown to the horrors that awaits for them
jeff excitedly tells the group that sunni
is going to be a doctor and he's very happy
they arrive to a location with no exit in middle
of woods matthias finds his brother's jeep there
haven't been used since a while they walk
for a bit and they come across a water place
soon they find two children from the tribe
watching them matthias finds a path that
seems to be covered with branches and leaves
as if someone does not want you to go there
they assume archaeologists are doing it to
hide the lost gold then matthias take them
to a narrow path amy still seems to be hesitant
the group reaches the ruins of a mayan temple
soon mayan lead arrives there and he yells at
them in a foreign language jeff offers him money
but he is not after the bag more mayans arrive and
mathias shows his lost brother's picture to them
they step on the vines the lead of tribe attacks
dimitri and kills him then the group flees up to
the ruins of temple upon reaching the top
they reach to a tent and finds it empty
they realize matthias also lost
their phone down with the tribe
later matthias finds his brother's body in the
vines jeff sees more of tribe members arriving
to the temple jeff takes water bottle from stacy's
hands and tells them they need to save water till
someone arrives they're looking for them they hear
a phone ringing somewhere inside the ruins so they
try to get it out with a rope matthias goes inside
but the rope breaks and matthias falls down below
then they send stacy to get matthias since she
is lightweighted however the rope is only till
mid of temple's length reaching the end of rope
she sees matthias paralyzed begging for help
she jumps to help him and injures herself as well
jeff decides to help them but amy is hesitant and
doesn't want to do it soon amy decides to go
to mayans for help they point gun at them so
aggressively she throws handful of vines on a
kid the tribe is in chaos and shoots the kid
jeff realizes the tribe fears vines and whoever
touches it they kill them later they talk to
amy and convince her to help stacy then amy
is sent below on a shaft to rescue matthias
the girls lift him and put him on the shaft
and bring him at the top eric starts the
generator and they have some lights now in
the tent girls get some rest and fall asleep
jeff goes down and still sees the tribe there the
next morning jeff sees some movement in the vines
and finds a corpse in it stacy wakes up
and sees vine getting into her wounded
eric pulls it out carefully mathias says
something is wrong amy pulls the blanket and
she finds vines wrapped around both of his
legs the vines have eaten the legs to bone
the phone rings again so they send amy
and stacy down inside the temple to get it
they look for the phone soon they enter a small
cornered room with more vines and find a corpse in
it they flip the body and gets the phone however
it's not working strangely they hear the noise
coming out of flowers and the flowers were making
the sound a phone call then they are attacked
with vines they too makes it to shaft and the
temple starts closing but they make it to escape
eric doesn't believe them jeff
tells them if they try to leave
they'll be shot as well and matthias is paralyzed
jeff tries to assure them that police the embassy
or the hotel somebody will try to find them
and they have left map in the room as well
so then they might come to temple looking
after them they just must survive till then
jeff tells them one person should always be awake
to look after others jeff gives his part of water
to matthias later jeff decides they must cut his
legs or mathias will die of infection in the bones
they vote if they want to do it jeff and stacey
votes to do it mathias screams asking to do it
later jeff asks both the girls to wait in tent
jeff heats a stone and breaks the bones of
matthias's legs with it then he starts cutting the
legs with a knife eric throws upon seeing that the
girls come out and starts yelling at them then
we see vines taking the broken legs of matthias
later that night eric goes to the tent and
tries to comfort girls from what they witnessed
jeff meanwhile tries to observe the tribe and
looks for any escape route amy goes to eric and
talks to him a bit about matthias health
and mourns of what they are going through
in the tent stacy hears amy's noise and accuses
them of exchanging hormones they start arguing
and stacey snitches on amy that amy kissed
matthias while jeff was not around in meantime
the vine starts suffocating matthias killing him
later they hear vine flowers making some sounds
the flowers mock the girl's voice like
humans the next morning jeff tells amy
that the tribe is making them quarantine
there so the infection of vines won't spread
eric comes to them and shows them stacey
being infected with the disease of vines
it might have happened when they were inside the
temple so jeff decides to take it out with knife
he plucks it out of her skin he then makes
a cut and takes it out of her spine as well
later stacey says there is more vines inside and
it's in her head as well then the vines moves
under the skin in her forehead revealing that her
fears are true later that day stacey goes outside
the tent while other are sleeping and takes
a knife she hears flowers mocking her voice
they come out and find stacy making cuts all
over her body jeff tries to calm her down and
she cuts him with a knife eric also tries to
calm her but she stabs him and he dies from it
later she mourns about what she has done the
vines grab eric's body and starts dragging it
stacey begs amy to kill her that she is infected
and the plants start to speak the same thing
jeff decides to kill her as an act of mercy later
jeff covers amy with blood so she is not easy
to get a hold of he gives her the car keys and
says he will distract the mayans and kisses her
he goes down and lays amy on the ground
he tries to talk to mayan leader about his
life and provokes them they point at him and amy
runs from there soon he is attacked by the tribe
mayans start chasing her in the jungle the
leader shoots him in the head out of mercy
before the vines eat him amy finally makes
it to the jeep and manages to drive away
as she drives we see vines crawling under her skin
the next day two friend of matthias makes
their way in the jungle looking for him
then the movie ends however i decided to find
the extended version of this movie and in that
alternate ending we see a group of people in a
graveyard an old man is blowing whistle as he goes
next to the grave of amy the flowers start blowing
the whistle back he touches it in the movie ends
this explains the main purpose why earlier
the tribe was not allowing them to escape
and now we can assume that the vines infected
most of the people until any cure is found if any
let me know in the comments what
would you have done to escape
and please like and subscribe
it really helps the channel